Date: 1 August 2010 00:00:00
Categories: euro-trip-2010
Country: it

h1. Day two in Rome

A quick breakky and we were off, bound for The Colosseum.  We found out there was a faster way of getting to the bus stop we'd been waiting at for the tour bus which saved us a bit of time.  The new way also reduced the number of street hawkers we encountered too which was a plus.  They are crafty, they appear with parasols, hats and fans when it's hot and then re-appear with umbrellas and ponchos as soon as the weather changes.  They only know little bits of English, but enough to get your attention.  They are like sea gulls squawking when they're all going off at once - 'Hello, umbrello ?' they ask, one after another.  It's clearly imprinted in my mind forever :)

cbimage. rome|2|DSC_0074_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0074_thumb_800.jpg|Constantine's Arch

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

Before heading to The Colosseum we walked around and checked out some ruins and the Piazza Venezia which is a large area of land with a very, very large and imposing building called (wait for it)... Monumento Nazionale a Vittorio Emanuele II.  We spotted it on the bus tour from the first day and thought 'wow, we have to come back here'.  It was indeed worth the return trip as it was amazing up close and also inside.  Inside was a museum including many galleries.  You could also catch an elevator to the very top and have an amazing view, but I'm not very fond of heights so I opted out :)  We had a quick bite to eat at the cafe there which was really nice with it's amazing view and large fan blowing misted water.  We were really keen to see the Colosseum in more detail, so onward we marched.

We saw lots of interesting monuments and ruins on the way to The Colosseum but as I'm not a student of history and my head was boiling like an egg I can't tell you much more other than they're all amazing to look at and reasonably well framed :)

cbimage. rome|2|DSC_0087_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0087_thumb_800.jpg|View of ruins from Via dei Fori Imperiali

cbimage. rome|2|DSC_0088_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0088_thumb_800.jpg|Ruins being held in place by a large metal bracket

cbimage. rome|2|DSC_0090_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0090_thumb_800.jpg|Alison in front of ruins

cbimage. rome|2|DSC_0102_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0102_thumb_800.jpg|Looking up at the Monumento Nazionale Vittorio Emanuele II

cbimage. rome|2|DSC_0116_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0116_thumb_800.jpg|View looking out from Monumento Nazionale Vittorio Emanuele II

cbimage. rome|2|DSC_0113_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0113_thumb_800.jpg|Statue with gold that was removed from outside the <br/>Monumento Nazionale Vittorio Emanuele II

cbimage. rome|2|DSC_0132_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0132_thumb_800.jpg|View of Foro Traniano

We joined a tour of The Colosseum (because the line to get in was two hours long and if you went with a tour you didn't have to line up!) from a genuine Italian tour guide, full of bravado (and a penchant for taking the mickey out of Americans).  We learnt quite a bit about The Colossuem, including some things we already knew. In Roman times, entry into The Colosseum was free for ticket holders and your ticket lasted for life.  Your life ticket entitled you to a single seat, in the same seat until you die.  You'd hope you had a good view and enjoyed the company of your neighbour!  I'm not sure how you qualified for a ticket exactly, but The Colosseum was only supposed to hold roughly 80,000 people, but events with over 140,000 people have been documented - it's pretty big The Colosseum, but not MCG big so it would have been insanely crowded.  Another interesting fact was that at times the top of The Colosseum was covered with a huge roof made of linen that was pulled into place using impressive techniques relying on every worker working in unison, cool!  Approximately 300,000 people died during battles held at The Colosseum, with the majority buried in areas surrounding The Colosseum in mass graves.  Not many of the names of the 300,000 dead are actually known.  Horrifying.  Most of the dead were gladiators - men who were prisoners of war, slaves hoping for freedom or just plain crazy.  The gladiators who entered on their own free will were mostly after the fame, fortune and women.  At the conclusion of a battle, it would be a group of virgins who would ultimately decide if the victorious gladiator's life would be spared or not.  If a gladiator was victorious five times he had effectively won his freedom.  As well as men vs. men battles there were also men vs. wild beasts, beasts vs. beats and team battles.  The sections below the floor you can see in some of the photos where used as 'shafts' to raise and lower things onto the main arena.  Our guide said that animals for battle and other objects were raised using the shafts.  It's a little hard to picture, but there is a section of the main arena floor visible in one of the photos below, and under the floor were tunnels used by Colosseum staff - very advanced.  When The Colosseum flooded they duelled on boats!  It was scary to think of the bloodshed that had occurred right in front our eyes.

An earthquake destroyed much of the outside layer, with only a small percentage of it remaining (visible in photos below).  There were three levels you could access when The Colosseum was in operation, but only the first two are accessible now because of safety concerns.  Even getting to the second level from the ground level is a challenge as the stairs are very, very steep and double the size of a regular step!

cbimage. rome|2|DSC_0070_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0070_thumb_800.jpg|Alison in front of The Colosseum

cbimage. rome|2|DSC_0076_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0076_thumb_800.jpg|Alison in front of The Colosseum showing a part of the outer wall

cbimage. rome|2|DSC_0078_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0078_thumb_800.jpg|Another perspective of The Colosseum

cbimage. rome|2|DSC_0086_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0086_thumb_800.jpg|The Colosseum


cbimage. rome|2|DSC_0136_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0136_thumb_800.jpg|Walking inside the entrance of The Colosseum

cbimage. rome|2|DSC_0137_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0137_thumb_800.jpg|Inside The Colosseum with section of re-created floor visible on the left

cbimage. rome|2|DSC_0139_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0139_thumb_800.jpg|The 'Skybox' inside The Colosseum - directly below the vertical white lines

cbimage. rome|2|DSC_0153_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0153_thumb_800.jpg|A section of the outside wall that has survived

cbimage. rome|2|DSC_0155_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0155_thumb_800.jpg|Looking down showing the 'shafts' and section of re-created floor

cbimage. rome|2|DSC_0157_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0157_thumb_800.jpg|Alison near stairs to the third level

After another long we day we headed for a frozen drink and a sit down.  Most of the snack vans (pictured below) had frozen water and powerade which was just the ticket in the searing heat.  By the end of the day I think we had visited every snack van in between The Colosseum and the Piazza Venezia :)

cbimage. rome|2|DSC_0125_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0125_thumb_800.jpg|Our saviour from the heat, a fully loaded snack van

We dragged ourselves to the nearest bus pickup and hopped on, avoiding the top floor which was in the sun for the comforts of the bottom floor with the air conditioning.  After 3 PM the bus takes a longer route which was a bit inconvenient but we were done for the day so we sat back and relaxed.  A quick shower and relax and we were off to the Trevi Fountain for a quick coin toss and some dinner :)  It was only a short cab ride which was great, but once we reached the Trevi Fountain our happiness at the cheap cab fare turned to 'oh my pretzel' with the number of people surrounding the fountain.  It was crazy, easily the single busiest attraction so far considering it's relative size.  We checked it out before nudging our way to the bottom where you're at the same level as the water.  Stupid me forgot our camera, so there's no photos - just our memories :(  We tossed a coin into the fountain each and thought happy thoughts.  We both had a touch of sun/heat stroke which is what I'm sticking to as the reason for leaving our camera behind ;)  According to Alison and 'The Googler', Trevi Fountain is a trendy spot for cafes and bars, so we set about finding a place to eat.  We struggled to find a place that met our ever increasingly high standard to be honest :(  We finally picked a place and sat down and ordered.  The meal was average, very average.  I guess we can't be spoiled with brilliant food everyday.  I won't write anything more negative so that's all :)

Tomorrow we're catching the train to Florence, something I'm really looking forward to!  Being a bit of a nerd and into video games, one of my favourite games (Assassin's Creed) is inspired by the history and architecture of Florence (among other cities) so it should be a real blast!