Date: 31 July 2010 00:00:00
Categories: euro-trip-2010
Country: it
Redirect: /2010/07/31/day-one-in-rome

h1. Day one in Rome

Another big day dragging our weary bodies around.  It sounds like a bit of a cheaters way, but we grabbed another hop-on, hop-off tour.  This time we paid for two days which included a river cruise as well.  With only two full days in most places we've found it to be a great way to get a rough idea of all the sights on the first day and then on the second day re-visit the more interesting ones in more detail at ground level.  It's great to get a higher perspective at things but you really cannot take a good photo from atop the bus as most of the roads are cobbled stone or badly in need of repair.

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

We saw many, many sights on the tour including "The Colosseum":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colosseum, "St. Peter's Square":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saint_Peter's_Square, "Castel Sant'Angelo":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Castel_Sant'Angelo and "Piazza Venezia":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Piazza_Venezia to name a few.  I was getting quite annoyed with taking lots of bad photos so I gave up and decided to focus on taking some quality shots when we're on foot.  Stay tuned for those :)  The heat once again was a big factor in our decision making which was a bit disappointing as we wanted to see much more but the heat was taking it's toll so we decided to head back to our hotel and for a late lunch and then venture out again a bit later.

cbimage. rome|3|IMG_1438_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1438_thumb_800.jpg|At late lunch with tram scooting past on the left

For some reason I was still hungry after our late lunch and we happened to walk past a cake shop that was too delicious to walk past without going in.  After careful selection we purchased some tiramisu, and two cannoli's - one big (for me, the ziggy) and one small for Alison.  They were so D E L I C I O U S !!  The man who ran the shop was so nice and kind and you could see the care and love that had gone into each and every treat.  I can see myself joining in with the tradition of coffee followed by cannoli back home, it's a perfect match :)  The photo below isn't quite straight, firstly because I was shaking with excitement (not really) and I'm lazy and can't be bothered fixing it (or the many others that need little tweaks).

cbimage. rome|3|IMG_1441_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1441_thumb_800.jpg|Delicious cake shop near our hotel

When we were sufficiently full and cooled down we headed out again to brave the sun to see some more sights.  We thought the river cruise might be a good way to see things from a different perspective and to also stay out of the sun.  The cruise was a 30 minute round trip up and down a section of the Tevere river.  It wasn't too bad, but certainly not the most exciting tour we'd been on.  Still, we gained some new knowledge and history and managed to stay out of the sun and relax.  The Tevere has caused devastation over the years due to it breaking it's banks, so it has been widened (at the expense of gardens and parks apparently) to allow for the sudden rise in level in the future.  Since the river has been widened, it didn't sound like Rome has been flooded again but all the market stalls and bars that dot the side of the river are right on the edge so you would hope it doesn't flood again otherwise it would be devastating.

cbimage. rome|3|IMG_1443_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1443_thumb_800.jpg|Alison enjoying the air conditioning, and the cruise

We hopped off the cruise and wandered up and down the side of the Tevere looking at all the market stalls and bars that are everywhere.  It looked like a fantastic place to see out the end of the day with a cool drink and a comfy perch.  We were completely exhausted so headed back to base camp for some R&R.

cbimage. rome|3|DSC_0061_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0061_thumb_800.jpg|Ponte Palatino with Michelangelo's unfinished bridge in front on the left

cbimage. rome|3|DSC_0056_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0056_thumb_800.jpg|Cool bar called Beige gearing up for a Saturday night

Alison had picked out a place for us to eat using 'The Googler' which looked yummy, but was closed once we finally found it!  Drats!  Luckily there was an interesting looking place (Strega) not far in the distance so we headed there and checked out the menu.  As with most dinner decisions, Alison doesn't take it lightly so we walked around a few more streets and checked out a few more restaurants before returning to Strega and enjoying some fine food followed by a shot of Limoncello.. yum!

cbimage. rome|3|IMG_1453_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1453_thumb_800.jpg|The battlers enjoying a nice evening out

Tomorrow we're going to focus on The Colosseum and around the Piazza Venezia as Alison and were both quite intrigued with not only The Colosseum and the Piazza Venizia but all the ruins scattered between the two.