Date: 16 July 2010 00:00:00
Categories: euro-trip-2010
Country: nl
Redirect: /2010/07/16/arrived-in-amsterdam

h1. Arrived in Amsterdam

After a pleasant two and a half hour train ride from Paris (first class, woohoo!) we arrived in Amsterdam.  We found our way out of the train station and onto the street to grab a cab.  While waiting in line for the cab we were pleasantly surprised to asked by the taxi rank man in English where we'd like to go.  We said the A-Train hotel which made him laugh as the hotel was less than 100 metres away and was quite visible once he pointed it out.  The amount of bicycles at the train station was astounding.  What looked like a multi story car parking complex was in fact specifically for bicycles.  Everyone seems to get around on their bike!  On most roads there is a lane for cars, then a curb followed by a lane for bicycles only and then a footpath for pedestrians.  It's brilliantly thought out...  Even waiting at the lights reveals more thought and planning.  Right next to the 'do not cross' red man is a count down timer which counts down from 30 so you know exactly how long you have before you can cross.  Amazing!

cbimage. amsterdam|1|DSC_0398_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0398_thumb_800.jpg|Amsterdam Train station

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

cbimage. amsterdam|1|DSC_0397_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0397_thumb_800.jpg|Bikes, bikes BIKES

cbimage. amsterdam|1|DSC_0388_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0388_thumb_800.jpg|Bike lane

cbimage. amsterdam|1|DSC_0389_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0389_thumb_800.jpg|Pedestrian count down

Our hotel is very well situated with the train station, cafes and pubs all around.  The hotel is train themed with all sort of photos, old luggage, model trains and pretty much anything else you can think of.  There's even a miniature track set into the floor.  It sounds like it's a bit too much, but it's pretty cool really :)

cbimage. amsterdam|1|DSC_0391_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0391_thumb_800.jpg|The A-train hotel, on the right

We made our way to our room which is more like a cupboard than a room (it is really, really small), then we headed out and about to see the sights.  Within 20 metres we'd already walked past two pubs, a coffee shop and another coffee shop that specialised in selling seeds.  Crazy place this one!  We wandered a bit further along and noted a theme - coffee shop followed by a patisserie / bakery / ice-cream store.  Again and again you see the same cluster of shops!  The rules around coffee shops are quite unusual - they all sell varying amounts and types of marijuana but cannot by law sell alcohol or allow smoking of tobacco.  This sort of confusing rule making is reflected in other parts of Amsterdam which makes you think "hmm, I can do this activity that is illegal in most other parts of the world, but I cannot do this other activity which is perfectly acceptable everywhere else in the world?".  It brought a smile to our faces as it's just so funny how relaxed yet restricted things are here.

Amsterdam really is geared for groups of young men and women but personally I'd say more towards men.  With their abundant coffee shops, bakeries and pubs you can get yourself nice and relaxed then on your way back you can stop somewhere in the red light district to finish off your evening.  While wandering around we managed to find ourselves in the red light district as it's blended with everything else so you don't really know you're there until you see a young woman in a house wearing attire more appropriate for the beach than around the house!  It sounds strange, but it wasn't really all that seedy in the red light district, not how you would imagine it.  My first thought was Kings Cross or the like, but again it's quite restrained and not overly in your face.

For dinner we initially ducked into "Barney's Uptown":http://www.barneys.biz/ for a beer, but their menu was so tasty that we ended up eating there.  Barney's seems to be quite a well known entity around the place with it's bar, coffee shop and pub all in the same street.  Barney's Uptown seemed to be an exception to the rule around Amsterdam with the laws around marijuana and alcohol as they served beer and allowed the consumption of marijuana but they did not sell it.  Another mysterious combination of laws!  It was a great place with good music and friendly staff.  They had a visible digital decibel counter behind the bar which was installed to ensure the music volume did not go over 80 db!  On the way out I visited the toilet and had to laugh at the symbol on the door to distinguish the men's from the women's - it was a picture of Keith Richards... classic!

Tomorrow we're hopefully off on a tour around Amsterdam either by bus or by boat.  Amsterdam has many canals running through the very heart of it which creates lots of small alleys and streets.  Lots of the buildings are on disturbing angles, presumably because of the unstable earth due to the amount of water running through the city.  Some of the buildings look like they could literally fall at any time with window sills completely askew and adjoining buildings completely detached from one another. 

cbimage. amsterdam|1|IMG_1132_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_1132_thumb_800.jpg|Leaning building