Date: 14 July 2010 00:00:00
Categories: euro-trip-2010
Country: fr

h1. Day two in Paris - Bastille Day!

We got up reasonably early and decided to checkout the breakfast.  There were all sorts of pastries, croissants and cheeses for breakfast which was almost too much for Alison as she almost fainted from the choice :)  Alison had a croissant with goats cheese, brie and prosciutto...  how decadent!  I just had a regular eggs and toast breakfast, but it was quite nice all the same.  Today is "Bastille Day":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bastille_Day, a French public holiday to commemorate the storming of the Bastille fortress.  There is a parade that kicks off around 10 AM to mark the occasion but also to coincide with the day is free entry into the "Lourve Museum":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Louvre so we took that option thinking the Museum might be less busy.  It wasn't.  We wandered around the Museum complex which is _massive_ taking a few photos, being careful to exclude the French police who were on most street corners in their jeeps looking out for trouble.  It's been a general trend so far, the amount of Police.  Both London and Paris have had their share of terrorism so it's warranted, but it doesn't make it any less confronting for the first time to see three of four special forces type personnel wandering around with large machine guns.  The Lourve Museum with it's pyramid entrance is very large with four levels containing French, Italian, Egyptian, Greek and Roman pieces (among others).

cbimage. paris|2|DSC_0231_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0231_thumb_800.jpg|Lourve Museum main entrance

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

We wandered through the first floor and saw mostly Italian pieces including the Mona Lisa which was very popular and hard to get a good look at.  It was easily the most crowded piece with around 200 people jostling for position.  I enjoyed other pieces just as much so we didn't hang around very long.  My favourite pieces were from Rapheal but sadly I didn't manage to take any photos which was a shame.

cbimage. paris|2|DSC_0227_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0227_thumb_800.jpg|Mona Lisa

The day started out quite warm (around 20 &deg; Celsius) but by about 1 PM the weather turned sour.  Torrential rain for around 30 mins kept us pin down in part of the Lourve Musuem on Rue de Rivoli.  We decided to bite the bullet and make a run for it as the rain had eased, but it wasn't long before it bucketed down again.  We did however find a 20 and 10 &euro; note on the road during the madness which was a bonus!  We made it back to our hotel, looking like a couple of drowned rats!  Speaking of rats, well mice, last night we were having dinner and a mouse casually wandered off the street into the restaurant and almost over Alison's foot.  No-one seemed too fussed!

The French love their dogs, especially French Bulldogs and Pugs.  The Pugs here are quite different in the face and body, they're less flat faced and have slightly longer legs.  I guess they're breeding out all the bad things that have been deliberately bred in in the past.

For dinner we headed over to the "Latin Quarter":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Latin_Quarter,_Paris and to see "Notre Dame Cathedral":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Notre_Dame_de_Paris which was another unbelievable site.  The size, detail and scale of the structure were all very hard to take in.  On south-east side of the Cathedral was a lot of weather damage and moss growing which has eaten away some of the gargoyles and other statues which looks both creepy and a bit sad.  We weren't sure why there isn't any work being undertaken to protect / restore the damage... maybe there is no funding ?

cbimage. paris|2|DSC_0241_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0241_thumb_800.jpg|Notre Dame Cathedral
cbimage. paris|2|DSC_0242_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0242_thumb_800.jpg|Notre Dame Cathedral
cbimage. paris|2|DSC_0246_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0246_thumb_800.jpg|Notre Dame Cathedral
cbimage. paris|2|DSC_0256_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0256_thumb_800.jpg|Notre Dame Cathedral
cbimage. paris|2|DSC_0259_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0259_thumb_800.jpg|Notre Dame Cathedral

We had dinner at a nice place in the Latin Quarter on Rue de la Huchette and enjoyed some French onion soup, cheese fondue and creme brulee...  all of which were delicious!  Alison had a glass of champagne and I enjoyed a glass of "Allfigem blonde":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heineken_brands#Affligem_Brewerywhich was delicious but was decidedly potent as it cooled down.  On the way home we wandered around the Latin Quarter  and St Germain and took some more shots.  You could spend days wandering around and months trying out all the different cafe's and restaurants, a definite high point.

cbimage. paris|2|DSC_0265_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0265_thumb_800.jpg|Latin Quarter
cbimage. paris|2|DSC_0267_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0267_thumb_800.jpg|St Germain
cbimage. paris|2|DSC_0270_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0270_thumb_800.jpg|St Germain

We crashed around 10:30 PM to the sound of fireworks in the distance but we couldn't see them which was a bit unfortunate.  We waited on the Pont au Change for the fireworks on the night before Bastille Day as there were fireworks in the distance but we missed those also as they were too far away.  We did get some nice shots of the Seine river with the Eiffel Tower in the background.

cbimage. paris|2|IMG_1105_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1105_thumb_800.jpg|Us on Pont au Change
cbimage. paris|2|DSC_0155_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0155_thumb_800.jpg|View of the Eiffel Tower from Pont au Change
cbimage. paris|2|DSC_0165_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0165_thumb_800.jpg|Palais de Justice
cbimage. paris|2|DSC_0167_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0167_thumb_800.jpg|View of the Eiffel Tower from Pont au Change
cbimage. paris|2|DSC_0169_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0169_thumb_800.jpg|Théâtre de la Ville
cbimage. paris|2|DSC_0181_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0181_thumb_800.jpg|View of the Eiffel Tower from Pont au Change

Today we're off on a bus tour to see the "Eiffel Tower":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eiffel_Tower, the "Arc de Triomphe":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arc_de_Triomphe and the "Champs-Élysées":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Champs-%C3%89lys%C3%A9es