Date: 24 July 2010 00:00:00
Categories: euro-trip-2010
Country: hr

h1. Day one in Dubrovnik

Today was a pretty lazy day, we slept in until 9 AM or so and took a moment to relax.  It's been a pretty go-go-go trip and combined with the heat is really draining on the body.  We just squeezed into the buffet (chaos) breakfast before it finished before suiting up for some lazing in the sun.  We managed to sneak two lounge chairs to ourselves on the uppermost part of the 'beach' overlooking the ocean and pool.  It was really beautiful but quite windy so we opted out of swimming in the ocean as it was choppy.  Most 'beaches' in Dubrovnik are areas of rock leading to the ocean that are sculpted and cut in ways that are suitable for people.  There's no sand, just rocky sections that are cut in to provide access by foot.  Not the sort of place you would like to have one-too-many drinks.  We lazed around for a few hours, soaking up the rays before we decided we should do some sightseeing and head into the Old City.  Unfortunately I didn't take any camera with me to the 'beach' so there's no photos :(

cbimage. dubrovnik|1|DSC_0687_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0687_thumb_800.jpg|Alison near Dubrovnik Castle

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

The Old City is a self contained city surrounded by a stone wall roughly 20 or so metres high all the way around.  It's really quite amazing how well preserved it is considering it's age and also how it survived the siege that took place during 1991-1992 which repelled Yugoslavian People's Army from invading Croatia.  There are visible marks of the conflict all over the Old City including bullet holes in walls and bomb affected structures that have new stone to replace what was damaged. 

cbimage. dubrovnik|1|DSC_0689_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0689_thumb_800.jpg|Part of the Old City wall

cbimage. dubrovnik|1|DSC_0693_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0693_thumb_800.jpg|Inside the Old City

cbimage. dubrovnik|1|DSC_0694_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0694_thumb_800.jpg|A view up one of the many alleys in the Old City

cbimage. dubrovnik|1|DSC_0701_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0701_thumb_800.jpg|St. Blaise church

The fountain in the photo below made Alison and I laugh.  It was a hot day (mid 30's again) and lots of people were looking for water so they descended upon the fountain.  We commented on how many pigeon's were on and around the fountain and how unsafe the water must be to drink.  We overheard an English speaking tour guide confirm our suspicions on the quality of the water which made us cringe.  There were even pigeon's standing directly on top of the fountain where the water was coming out, attempting to cool themselves down.  Yikes!

cbimage. dubrovnik|1|DSC_0709_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0709_thumb_800.jpg|Fountain popular with pigeon's and tourists

cbimage. dubrovnik|1|DSC_0711_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0711_thumb_800.jpg|Spooky face that gushes water when it rains

cbimage. dubrovnik|1|DSC_0720_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0720_thumb_800.jpg|View of mountain accessible by cable car

cbimage. dubrovnik|1|DSC_0734_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0734_thumb_800.jpg|View of Old City wall from edge of dock

cbimage. dubrovnik|1|DSC_0746_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0746_thumb_800.jpg|Alison stretching it out and showing scale for door

After sliding around the Old City for a few hours (the ground is marble, and so smooth from all the traffic) we headed back to our hotel for some dinner.  We were treated to an amazing sunset which covered everything in a golden glow and changed the color of the rocks to a purple-white sort of color which was beautiful.  Alison took the photo below which I think is the best photo of the trip so far...

cbimage. dubrovnik|1|IMG_1334_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1334_thumb_800.jpg|Sunset and empty tables... Interested ?