Date: 3 August 2010 00:00:00
Categories: euro-trip-2010
Country: it
Redirect: /2010/08/03/day-two-in-florence

h1. Day one in Florence

Today we set out to visit "Michelangelo's David":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_%28Michelangelo%29 in the flesh.  After a bit of fluffing around and not reading the map correctly (sometimes I swear my brain just isn't "on" !) we found "Accademia di Belle Arti Firenze":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Accademia_di_Belle_Arti_Firenze (the building that holds David) and we also found the line :(  We lined up like good citizens and wondered how long the wait might be (I'm being polite here, Alison was flipping out!).  After waiting in the line for about 20 minutes without moving more than a metre or two we decided there must be a quicker way.  Alison noticed there was a second queue with barely anyone lining up and inquired what the deal was.  The line was for pre-booked tickets which could be arranged through various ticket outlets, all of which weren't readily accessible.  We headed back to our hotel (only five minutes walk) with the plan to arrange the tickets via the Internet or ask our hotel to arrange for us.  The hotel staff were amazing and with one phone call had our tickets booked for 3:15 PM, at an extra cost of 8 &euro; - bargain!

cbimage. florence|2|DSC_0188_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0188_thumb_800.jpg|Ponte Vecchio

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

With our booking to see the statue of David set, we wandered around as we had a few hours in between.  We thought it might be a good idea to head to "Ponte Vecchio":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ponte_Vecchio, a famous bridge with shops along the sides.  It was _packed_ which made taking the time to see all the shops and take photos very challenging.  Most of the shops were jewellery shops which kept Alison amused but I was as they say "not amused" :)

cbimage. florence|2|DSC_0190_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0190_thumb_800.jpg|Crowds on Ponte Vecchio

cbimage. florence|2|DSC_0187_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0187_thumb_800.jpg|View of Arno river near Ponte Vecchio

The time had arrived to return to see Michelangelo's David so we headed back in that direction.  Luckily we had booked our tickets as the wait in the queue was up to two hours!  We fronted up at the pre-booked tickets queue and slipped through like a VIP at the hottest bar in town ;)  We wandered around, paying respect to paintings and other sculptures before deciding we wanted to see the main event - Michelangelo's David.  We followed the signs and just around a corner, there he was - another "WOW" moment.    David is so beautifully created he almost looks as if he could literally step down and walk out the door.  I was particularly captivated by his arms and hands.  His veins and muscle tone are so well captured he looks like he's been frozen in time, truly breathtaking.  Alison and I both stood and pondered David from all sorts of angles, without growing tired or bored (I was particularly impressed with Alison's effort!).  Unfortunately photography is forbidden (didn't stop a few sneaky people though) so I don't have anything to show here, but there are plenty of photos on the Internet :)

cbimage. florence|2|DSC_0207_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0207_thumb_800.jpg|The Duomo in a different light

For dinner we maintained a tradition (somewhat) of having Asian food on our last night in the city.  We had Chinese and it was okay, but certainly not the best we've eaten.  I guess we should have expected it but we'd had enough pizza and pasta to last us a little while.  I honestly never thought there would come a time where I wouldn't want to eat pizza!

After dinner we wandered around a bit and noticed a really interesting shop called Scudieri.  Turns out it was a cake shop (fancy that!), a very, very nice cake shop.  We had a coffee each and shared what looked like a lemon / egg tart but turned out to be something different but equally delicious.  It was similar to a rice pudding inside shortcrust pastry, but the rice pudding part was more set, like the custard in a vanilla slice.  Anyways, it was tasty :)

cbimage. florence|2|DSC_0209_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0209_thumb_800.jpg|I'll have.. umm.. everything thanks

cbimage. florence|2|DSC_0211_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0211_thumb_800.jpg|Scudieri

As with quite a few other places, we would have really loved to stay in Florence for a few more nights, but we have a busy schedule with no room for chopping and changing.  We have a smaller list of places we'd like to re-visit in the future however :)  Tomorrow we continue our Italian safari, next stop - Venice.