Date: 27 July 2010 00:00:00
Categories: euro-trip-2010
Country: gr
Redirect: /2010/07/27/arrived-in-athens

h1. Arrived in Athens

Our arrival into Athens was interesting to say the least.  Firstly passport control was a nightmare, yet again with only two officers processing passports for around 200 people and then I discovered my suitcase had been broken to the point where I could no longer properly wheel it around because the wheels were damaged and the re-tractable handle was permanently stuck down :(  We had to hang around the airport and lodge a damage form then wait while someone assessed the damage.  I'd prematurely discarded my boarding ticket stub (I later found it in another pocket - argh) so poor Alison had to deal with the airport clowns.  After wasting an hour and a half of our lives, we were off to our hotel.  We seem to have a knack for hailing maniac taxis (or they're all maniacs) as we quickly found ourselves hurtling down the freeway at 150 Km/h in a 90-100 Km/h zone.  It's almost as if a taxi license grants you exemption from all road rules.  Alison and I exchanged a number of worrying looks and a few 'Are you OK ?' questions without the driver hearing.  Fortunately we arrived at our hotel, or were we about to be 'jacked ?

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

We were a bit concerned from the beginning because the driver did not know where we wanted to go exactly and had to call dispatch to confirm but we were still not convinced.  We past through countless dodgy streets full of graffiti, derelict buildings and shady characters before we arrived at our final destination, a place where both Alison and I thought was bound to end up in trouble.  We'd come to the end of a street that ran alongside a market, but it was around 8 PM so the market was closed and the local drug dealers, prostitutes and pick pockets started to appear.  After a brief exchange with the driver, he pointed to the hotel which was in the middle of all the mayhem.  Great.  We swiftly got out of the cab and headed towards the hotel, both looking at each other with a combination of fear and humour, as if 'this can't be the right hotel'.

It was the right hotel, quite a nice hotel in fact.  We very quickly decided we'd check in, head upstairs and begin hunting for a new hotel immediately.  The man at the front desk was very nice and made it all the harder to decide to leave, but we weren't comfortable with the location and did not want to leave until we could confirm we were in a safe neighbourhood.  We ordered some pizza and beer and soon felt a little better.  We ate the pizza in our room and found a new hotel to move to, but not without taking some great shots (if I do say so myself!) of the Parthenon from the roof of the hotel.  We had some beers and took in the sites, and also the mayhem that was going on at street level.  A strange mix...

cbimage. athens|1|DSC_0825_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0825_thumb_800.jpg|The Parthenon

Tomorrow we're off to our new hotel and then some sightseeing!