Date: 13 July 2010 00:00:00
Categories: euro-trip-2010
Country: fr
Redirect: /2010/07/13/arrived-in-paris

h1. Arrived in Paris

After a quite short train ride (approx one and a half hours) we've arrived in Paris!  A quick stop at the men's (costing 70 &euro; cents) and successfully dodged the gypsy cab drivers and other shady characters and we were off to our hotel.  We're staying at "Hotel Britannique":http://www.hotel-britannique.fr/ which is in a relatively quiet part of Paris (thank the pretzel god as most of Paris is utter chaos!).

cbimage. paris|1|IMG_1083_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1083_thumb_800.jpg|Paris-Gare-du Nord

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

We didn't waste any time getting out and about to check out what's around, finding a place to grab a bite and a beer :)  Alison had a Kronenberg (listed as simply 1664) and I had a "Grimbergen Blonde":http://beeradvocate.com/beer/profile/436/7864 which I thoroughly enjoyed both the beer and all the choas unfolding on "Quai de la Mégisserie":http://bit.ly/aq8eyj

cbimage. paris|1|IMG_1087_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1087_thumb_800.jpg|Magnifiquel&#33;

Tomorrow is "Bastille Day":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bastille_Day which could mean some things are closed which would be a bummer, but we'll see how it goes.  Apparently there'll be fireworks tonight to celebrate Bastille Day which will be fun as who doesn't like a good bang-bang!?  Tomorrow we hope to visit Notre Dame Cathedral and The Louvre and anything else in between which should be fantastic.

Lets hope the constant sound of ambulances and police doesn't continue through the night.