Date: 20 July 2010 00:00:00
Categories: euro-trip-2010
Country: de
Redirect: /2010/07/20/day-two-in-berlin

h1. Day two in Berlin

Today was warm again, high 20's with a slight breeze.  We originally planned to visit the Berlin Zoo as it has more species of animals than any other Zoo in the world but some house keeping was required and could not be delayed any longer.  We had packed way too much and were on the cusp of the total allowed weight limit when we flew out of Melbourne.  With Alison's new suitcase adding extra weight we had to send some things home.  We managed to ditch all our warm winter gear and dropped almost 11 Kg's which will definitely help with getting around and also avoid excess baggage charges which would have really hurt on some of the smaller flight we're taking a bit later on.

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

After taking care of business with the extra baggage (it was quite a good feeling purging all that extra weight) we headed for a supermarket to pick up a few things for lunch.  Eating out is fun for a while, but eventually you crave something more light - both on the palate and the wallet.  We found a supermarket not far from our hotel (and directly next to the Erotic Museum, how lovely!) which was great because we've struggled to find supermarkets in both Paris and London.  Alison was in heaven with all the meats, cheeses and pre-packaged salads.  I was in heaven with all the different beers :)  We picked up all sorts of things for a picnic.  The "Tiergarten":http://bit.ly/ac1gt1 was not far from our hotel and we had driven past it on our tour and looked like a great, quiet spot to sit down.  We got a bit lost on the way as the Zoo and the Tiergarten are hard to distinguish at certain points because they merge into one another.  We managed to find our way out and found a nice quiet spot to settle.  There were a few people lying around reading books and sun baking.  "Umm, Ash.. some of these people aren't wearing any clothes" remarks Alison.  It was not strictly a nudist area as it was just an open park, but somehow we managed to plonk ourselves in an area popular with the local nudies!  Every 20 minutes or so another lanky German man / woman would cruise in on there push bike with the bathing towel and promptly strip off and soak up some rays.  Fortunately it's a very, very large garden and we managed to eat our picnic in peace :)  We lazed around for a few hours and enjoyed the sun and the quiet (for a change) but it was soon time to head back.  We walked past the Zoo on the way back and thought we should get a picture, even if we didn't end going in (I was pretty disappointed, but we ran out of time).

cbimage. berlin|2|IMG_1203_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1203_thumb_800.jpg|Alison out the front of the Berlin Zoo

Japanese was again on the menu for dinner.  Being a vegetarian (well, I still eat fish so I'm not strictly) in Berlin was quite tricky with most restaurants catering for meat hungry alpha men (and women!) so Japanese is an easy (and relatively cheap) option.  I found a beer on their menu I had not tried yet, a Kostritzer (can't remember the rest) which was a very delicious dark beer that was also quite refreshing despite it's dark and heavy appearance.  Before our food arrived we say a man running very quickly past people almost knocking them down, but didn't think anything of it.  A few seconds later we saw a policeman and a tourist (he was easy to spot) giving chase.  It became obvious the first man we saw was a thief!  Everyone's attention turned to watch 'the hunt'.  We didn't see the conclusion but it was a timely reminder to keep your belongings secure.

cbimage. berlin|2|IMG_1204_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1204_thumb_800.jpg|Monument symbolising the East & West coming together

cbimage. berlin|2|IMG_1208_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1208_thumb_800.jpg|Kostritzer and poser

I finally gave in and grabbed a donut from Dunkin' Donuts.  I was only after one particular type - the Bavarian Creme.  It's an icing sugar coated (lightly) donut filled with thick vanilla custard.  It was the first Dunkin' Donut I had when we visited New York when I was younger.  It tasted exactly the same and brought back a lot of fond memories (and also the desire for another!).

cbimage. berlin|2|IMG_1209_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1209_thumb_800.jpg|Dunkin' Donuts

After two full days in Berlin, we really started to get a better feel for the mix of old and new.  Berlin city is very modern and looks like any other major city with it's big name stores etc, but if you take the time to venture out a bit further, it's well worth it.  We were both a little unsure about Berlin at first, but I think if we had stayed a few more days we would have enjoyed ourselves even more.