Date: 21 July 2010 00:00:00
Categories: euro-trip-2010
Country: cz
Redirect: /2010/07/21/arrived-in-prague

h1. Arrived in Prague

The train journey from Berlin to Prague was well worth the extra time it would have taken by plane.  We received a small taste of how nice the countryside can be with rivers and holiday houses, complete with boats and expensive cars.  It was definitely a "how the other half lives" moment.  The journey was around five hours but seemed to fly by as we had plenty to keep our eyes and minds occupied.  We've also been travelling first class on all trains which isn't quite as decadent as it sounds, it just means you have more leg room and bigger seats.  It is definitely the best way to travel on the train however, especially if you can score yourself an enclosed 'booth' which we did on the journey from Amsterdam to Berlin.

cbimage. prague|1|IMG_1217_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1217_thumb_800.jpg|View from the train

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

cbimage. prague|1|IMG_1232_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1232_thumb_800.jpg|View from the train

After successfully dodging one of the many unlicensed (and unscrupulous) taxi drivers we were on our way to our hotel.  We were warned to watch out for taxi drivers that didn't have meters or any signage as they can be dodgy and rip you off.  We paid 142 crown (Prague is one of the few European countries that don't use the euro) for the journey which according to the porter at our hotel was a good deal.  142 crown is around $9 AUD.

cbimage. prague|1|IMG_1244_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1244_thumb_800.jpg|Poser and Pilsner Urquell

We stayed in the "Old Town":http://bit.ly/bdqpyY part of Prague in the "Grand Majestic Plaza":http://bit.ly/bIWqC2 which was really, really nice.  It was a reasonably new hotel tucked away amongst a pub and restaurants.  Inside was very modern and clean with lots of space for people to sit around and have a drink (or smoke... yes, indoors!) or plan their next move.  With only one full day in Prague we decided we'd explore the old and new towns on foot so we could get a good feel for the place.  Touring around in buses is great if you can get on the top deck and if it doesn't have tinted windows, otherwise it's very hard to take good photos.  We arrived into Prague mid afternoon so we thought we go for a bit of a wander to get our bearings and grab something to eat. We toured around Old Town and saw quite a few sites including the Powder Tower, "Astronomical clock":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prague_Astronomical_Clock, Tyn church and lots of others.  We ran out of daylight but witnessed sunset in Old Town Square, it was very beautiful with the golden color affecting the look of each and every building.  Tomorrow we would hit the streets and explore as much as we could, in the predicted 35+ &deg; Celsius heat :)

cbimage. prague|1|IMG_1253_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1253_thumb_800.jpg|Astronomical clock

cbimage. prague|1|IMG_1257_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1257_thumb_800.jpg|Astronomical clock tower

cbimage. prague|1|IMG_1252_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1252_thumb_800.jpg|Tyn church

cbimage. prague|1|IMG_1260_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1260_thumb_800.jpg|Different view of Tyn church

cbimage. prague|1|IMG_1249_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1249_thumb_800.jpg|Powder Tower

cbimage. prague|1|IMG_1270_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1270_thumb_800.jpg|Powder Tower