Date: 26 July 2010 00:00:00
Categories: euro-trip-2010
Country: hr
Redirect: /2010/07/26/day-three-in-dubrovnik

h1. Day three in Dubrovnik

Today we caught the ferry to "Lokrum":http://bit.ly/93H2dK, an island about 25 minutes from Dubrovnik for some 'quiet time' :)  The ride over there was quite peaceful with lots of expensive boats and yachts dotting to horizon.  Of particular interest was the yacht below which Alison and I claimed as our very own.  It was an interesting yacht, quite large (roughly 30 port holes so you would assume that many beds ?) with masts and large engines.  We're expecting our new purchase to arrive in Port Phillip Bay a few days after we return ;)

cbimage. dubrovnik|3|DSC_0753_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0753_thumb_800.jpg|View of Old City heading for Lukrom Island

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

cbimage. dubrovnik|3|DSC_0757_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0757_thumb_800.jpg|Our new purchase - yacht, awaiting delivery to our mooring in Port Phillip

cbimage. dubrovnik|3|DSC_0762_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0762_thumb_800.jpg|View of our ferry leaving Lokrum

There are three things to do on the island - walk, swim (in the nude in one part if you wish!) and eat.  We didn't take our bathers (duh) so we walked around the island and enjoyed the wildlife and gardens.  We were keen to visit the fortress at the highest point, but at least 50% of the island was cordoned off for fear of bush fires.  The island had it's very own fire brigade so the threat must be very real and occurred often enough.

cbimage. dubrovnik|3|DSC_0763_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0763_thumb_800.jpg|One of the many peacocks that call Lokrum home

cbimage. dubrovnik|3|DSC_0768_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0768_thumb_800.jpg|Fortress in the process of being restored

cbimage. dubrovnik|3|DSC_0783_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0783_thumb_800.jpg|Alison taking in one last look before we set off

It was such a nice afternoon walking around enjoying the peace and quiet as there was only a handful of people on the island compared to the mainland, but it was time to head back.  We were on the hunt for a somewhat hard to find bar called 'The hole in the wall bar'.

cbimage. dubrovnik|3|DSC_0799_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0799_thumb_800.jpg|View of Old City coming from Lukrom Island

cbimage. dubrovnik|3|DSC_0804_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0804_thumb_800.jpg|Different view of Old City coming from Lukrom Island

After using our refined tourist map deduction skills (they can be a but hit and miss) we finally found the elusive bar!  The long line of people waiting to enter a small doorway on the outside of the Old City wall was a dead giveaway :)  It was worth the effort as it was amazing.  It physically exists on the outside of the Old City walls and is very, very steep.  It wasn't full of all uber cool people like you would imagine but quite a diverse range of people enjoying the exclusivity of it all.  People were jumping into the water then returning to dry off and continue drinking their beer or coffee.  We had a beer atop the highest perch the bar offered and started to feel really hot as we were directly in the sun.  We'd hit the 'I've had enough sun for the day, please no more' point quite a few times already..  maybe it's the early onset of heat / sun stroke ?  Off we went, back to the resort to freshen up and prepare for another trip back to the Old City for dinner.

cbimage. dubrovnik|3|DSC_0812_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0812_thumb_800.jpg|The only way drinks get in!

cbimage. dubrovnik|3|DSC_0805_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0805_thumb_800.jpg|Cascading view of the bar

cbimage. dubrovnik|3|DSC_0807_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0807_thumb_800.jpg|Alison enjoying herself

cbimage. dubrovnik|3|DSC_0808_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0808_thumb_800.jpg|Poser looking way too cool

cbimage. dubrovnik|3|DSC_0809_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0809_thumb_800.jpg|Alison leaving through the midget exit

Tomorrow we leave Dubrovnik for Athens which should be amazing with all the old ruins and relics.  Let's hope passport control isn't as painful as it has been so far :(