Date: 12 August 2010 00:00:00
Categories: euro-trip-2010
Country: es
Redirect: /2010/08/12/time-in-san-sebastian

h1. Time in San Sebastian

We took the train from Barcelona to San Sebastian, a favourite beach destination for not just Europeans but for people from all over the world.  The security at the Barcelona train station was quite tight, much similar to that of an Airport.  I guess with the recent train bombing in Madrid they've decided to beef up security.  It was unusual and a little scary at the same time.  The train ride was once again pleasant, kicking back in first class with plenty of leg room.  Train travel really is a much better alternative to flying if the time difference is negligible.

cbimage. san-sebastian||DSC_0051_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0051_thumb_800.jpg|View from our hotel

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

We hopped off the train and set about finding our way to the hotel.  Using Google maps we learned we weren't very far at all from the hotel, so we decided to walk.  Google maps combined with GPS location services really is an amazing piece of technology that takes a lot of guess work and mucking around out of the picture (it also makes you lazy and reliant on it giving you accurate information however).

Our hotel was located in another awesome spot, right on the edge of the beach, check out the view from our window!  I have accumulated a serious amount of underpants that needed washing and I refused to pay $8 AUD to have each one washed, so I washed them by hand.  I had one problem however, where to hang them.  After recalling a MacGuyver episode (not really, but how cool is Mac?!) I constructed what I liked to call "The underpant chair of mystery" which amazingly held nine pairs of jocks, arranged in a fashion that would surely be considered abstract art.  I was quite happy with my effort and let nature take care of the rest.

cbimage. san-sebastian||IMG_1525_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1525_thumb_800.jpg|The underpant chair of mystery

After a bit of fluffing around (we are the masters) we hit the street and wandered around, checking out the sights and sounds (and beach nudity).  The beach was *packed* and not very relaxing I thought (we're spoiled in Australia with our beaches for sure) but there was some interesting sights.  Lots of men and women were getting around and sun baking with no gear but they were not getting around in a particular area, just wherever they pleased.  I found this odd and amusing (I don't think I'll ever grow up).  I won't go into detail, but you know the old lady from 'Something about Mary'.. I swear she was lazing around at the top of her game.  Anyway, the weather turned a bit sour when we made it to the harbour so we bolted for shelter, finding a cafe quite close that had tapas and beer - how convenient!  We munched down some tapas and before long the rain subsided so we headed off to hunt down a place for dinner.  It feels like every day follows the same format - get up and eat, feast the eyes and expand the mind, eat some more, wander around looking for a place to eat dinner, eat dinner then sleep.  It's a tough life ;)

cbimage. san-sebastian||DSC_0059_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0059_thumb_800.jpg|Harbour

cbimage. san-sebastian||DSC_0060_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0060_thumb_800.jpg|Eglise Santa Maria

It started drizzling a bit which kept us pinned down at various places which was a bit of a bummer as we only had one night in San Sebastian and we really only just started to get a feel for the place and the end of the day was approaching.  We had dinner at a really nice cafe not far from our hotel which was right on the edge of the beach and served pub style food which was a welcome change from all the rich (but tasty, don't get me wrong!) food we'd been indulging in.  After a while you just start to crave the simple things like steamed vegetables, mashed potato etc.  Oh, Vegemite or Promite on toast..  I can't wait to wake up to a few pieces of toast and a macchiato in bed..  simple but as satisfying as it gets!  The cafe was also really good because they understood English quite well, where as we had really struggled everywhere else.  In most places most people understood enough English to get by, but in San Sebastian locals spoke little English and appeared quite disinterested.  As well as that, Alison and I both got the feeling from most locals that they didn't particularly care for English speaking tourists as their body language and friendliness left a lot to be desired.  We'd been very lucky so far with both weather and communicating (we're the problem after all) so we weren't terribly bummed out by it all.

cbimage. san-sebastian||DSC_0063_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0063_thumb_800.jpg|All closed up for the night

cbimage. san-sebastian||DSC_0064_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0064_thumb_800.jpg|Isla de Santa Klara

Next stop - Bilbao by bus.  I really like catching the buses as they're reasonably comfortable, cheap and you get to see a lot more of the places in between destinations so it should be good!