Date: 22 July 2010 00:00:00
Categories: euro-trip-2010
Country: cz

h1. Day one in Prague

What a day!  The temperature reached 38 &deg; Celsius and the humidity was also very high, but despite all of that we pretty much covered the main tourist attractions in one day!  We started in the Old Town where we were staying and headed roughly towards Prague Castle.

cbimage. prague|2|DSC_0505_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0505_thumb_800.jpg|Prague square

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

Prague is definitely the highlight for me so far.  It's just so beautiful with all the amazing buildings that are so old but so alive.  All the streets are cobbled stones with not a hint of bitumen or concrete anywhere in the Old Town.  I'd definitely love to return one day to see more as one day was nowhere near enough to soak up what Prague has to offer.

Words really cannot express how wonderful Prague really was so I'll let the photos try telling the story :)

cbimage. prague|2|DSC_0502_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0502_thumb_800.jpg|Astronomical clock tower

cbimage. prague|2|DSC_0508_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0508_thumb_800.jpg|Astronomical clock close up

cbimage. prague|2|DSC_0521_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0521_thumb_800.jpg|Tyn church from atop clock tower

cbimage. prague|2|DSC_0523_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0523_thumb_800.jpg|View of Old Town from atop clock tower

cbimage. prague|2|DSC_0549_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0549_thumb_800.jpg|Tower at beginning of Charles bridge

cbimage. prague|2|IMG_1284_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1284_thumb_800.jpg|View from Charles bridge

cbimage. prague|2|DSC_0555_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0555_thumb_800.jpg|Prague Castle in the distance

cbimage. prague|2|DSC_0596_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0596_thumb_800.jpg|St Nicolaus church

cbimage. prague|2|IMG_1298_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1298_thumb_800.jpg|Inside St. Vitus' Cathedral within Prague Castle

cbimage. prague|2|DSC_0662_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0662_thumb_800.jpg|View from Prague Castle