Date: 11 July 2010 00:00:00
Categories: euro-trip-2010
Country: gb
Redirect: /2010/07/11/2-arrived-in-london

h1. Arrived in London

After our 13 and a half hour flight from Singapore we finally arrived in London and were corralled like cows into Custom and Immigration where there were eight rows deep of people waiting to be 'processed'.  After being 'processed' we decided we'd try out public transport instead of a taxi cab for our trip from Heathrow to Marble Palace.  In comparison to Melbourne public transport, both trains and train stations were better maintained with less rubbish and graffiti.  Quite a few rowdy Spanish soccer fans got on at various stations which was both amusing and annoying because they were enjoying beer ;)  The trains were quite different to Melbourne's, most notable was the overall smaller size both length and internal size.  There was however room specifically for suitcases which I was impressed with.  We saw quite a few famous stops including Hammersmith, Hyde Park Corner, Piccadilly Circus and Marble Arch (where we are right now).

cbimage. london|1|DSC_0002_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0002_thumb_800.jpg|The Cumberland

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

The hotel (The Cumberland) is quite nice inside, but the outside is far more impressive, maintaining all of it's original character.  The hotel is located right on Oxford Street which is incredibly convenient (and chaotic).  There's two buildings that make up The Cumberland, with both being on Great Cumberland Place.  We're in the smaller or 'more quiet' of the two buildings which is about 50 metres apart.

Tomorrow we're going to make the most of our only full day in London by getting up early and getting on the 'hop on hop off' bus to maximise the distance we can cover.  With all the major travel out of the way (thank the pretzel gods) it feels like we're finally about to start relaxing an take in the sites.