Date: 30 July 2010 00:00:00
Categories: euro-trip-2010
Country: it

h1. Arrived in Rome

Another train ride and another new country!  Italy!  It only took around 45 minutes to get from Roma Termini to the main Florence train station but it was quite crowded, luckily we have learned to get on the train early and snag the best spots for seating and for our bags (which everyone continues to remind us how big and heavy they are!)  Alison and I talked rubbish to each other the whole way and mad silly faces as we were a bit bored and didn't have the room to unpack our bags to get out any sort of entertainment.  Before long we arrived at Santa Maria Novella - the main train station in Firenze (Florence).  Our hotel was only five minutes walk - fortunately because of the distance and also because like most train stations, the surrounding area is full of shady types and opportunistic criminals.  Alison had her game face on which cleared the path for us ;)

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

We checked in and flopped on the bed.  The previous big day in Athens had taken it's toll and we were pooped :(  We unpacked and caught up on news and emails and before long it was time for dinner.  We were again very lucky with the location of our hotel, we were really close to not only the train station but lots of yummy restaurants and cake shops, mmmm!  We headed downstairs to venture out for some food but were shocked to see it was raining very hard.  It didn't look like it was going to ease up anytime soon, so we decided to check out the 'American Bar' mentioned in the hotel information book.  The hotel was quite large, bigger than what you expect from the exterior.  We headed towards the back of the hotel and were greeted by a very suave looking gentlemen in is smoking jacket who took our order - two moretti's please!  We helped ourselves to the chips, nuts and olives and filled up a little bowl and found ourselves a nice place to set down and wait out the rain.  It seems common in most places we've visited that you receive something extra with everything you purchase.  With any food you almost always receive bread and olive oil and if you order just drinks you'll usually receive some chips or pretzels or something similar.  It's a ritual that should be adopted back home!!

The rain thinned out a little bit so we made a break for it, not knowing exactly where we were headed exactly as the sun had already gone to bed.  Luckily because of our proximity, we found a nice looking place about a hundred meters away.  The cheeky waiter asked us if we'd like to sit outside, as there was plenty of tables free of course.  Down we sat and after a brief exchange in a mix of Italian and English we had placed our order - Spaghetti puttanesca, tomato and buffalo mozzarella pizza followed by tiramisu and two espresso's.  It was very, very delicious.  One of the best meals we've had so far!   We carried on like giddy teenagers about how delicious the food was and all the amazing things that we were to experience in the coming days.