Date: 11 July 2010 00:00:00
Categories: euro-trip-2010
Country: sg
Redirect: /2010/07/11/1-arrived-in-singapore-dazed-and-confused

h1. Arrived in Singapore dazed and confused

After seven and a half hours, we arrived in Singapore tired having struggled to sleep.  We managed to score seats near the emergency exit but it didn't help our sleeplessness.  Maybe it was the excitement of the trip or the nerve calming beers in Melbourne, who can say!?  The flight was good with very little turbulence.  The pre-flight 'safety video' was interesting with very little information given and no demonstrations by the air hostesses.  Strange!  Alison commented how attractive and glamorous the hostesses were to which I cautiously agreed with ;)

cbimage. singapore||DSC_0004_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0004_thumb_800.jpg|Singapore airport, Terminal 3

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

It's 7:05 AM and around 26&deg; Celsius with a chance of late showers, but we don't have much time to have a good look around.  Singapore airport is amazing.. so clean and organised.  The entire airport appears to be on one level so it's quite a walk from one end to the other.  There are signs around indicating one should allow up to 15 minutes to reach your gate!  It's more of a shopping mall than an airport really with duty free shops outnumbering anything else.  We'll be in Singapore again on August 20th for a two night visit which I'm already looking forward to.

Alison is catching some ZZzz's and biding her time before she eats some dumplings...  Dumplings for breakfast ?  Outrageous!  Our connecting flight to London departs Singapore at 9:05 AM so we have a bit of time to kill.  Singapore to London is approximately 13 and a half hours... not looking forward to that one :(

Just spotted a Dunkin' Donuts store too, ahhh... brings back fond memories of the US :)  A bit too early for a donut though, sorry Dad!