Date: 25 July 2010 00:00:00
Categories: euro-trip-2010
Country: hr
Redirect: /2010/07/25/day-two-in-dubrovnik

h1. Day two in Dubrovnik

Another lazy morning in the sun...  It's been a little cloudy over the past few days, but was a little better today so it was even nicer lazing!  We spent most of the late morning and afternoon switching between lazing in the sun, jumping into the ocean and slipping into the pool.  It was most enjoyable :)  The pool was salt water also which was much better thank stinky chlorine.  After soaking up our fair share of the sun we headed back to the Old City.  It cost eight kuna (roughly two AUD) for a one hour ticket on the bus if you purchased your ticket in advance, or 10 kuna from the bus driver.  The bus drivers were pretty mean and grumpy, so you made sure you purchased your tickets in advance and inserted them into the validation machine the correct way (or they'd crack it!).

cbimage. dubrovnik|2|IMG_1356_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1356_thumb_800.jpg|Alison working on her tan

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

cbimage. dubrovnik|2|IMG_1364_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1364_thumb_800.jpg|Sat up for this nice view

For dinner we used the power of Google to locate a good place to eat as we've found it a bit hit and miss with 'winging it'.  Alison was chief food hunter and found a place called Proto which was really, really delicious and with equally good service.  Most service oriented workers speak and understand English pretty well, something that makes you feel a little inadequate really.  Here we are in a foreign country knowing only a single language (and not speaking it very well personally apparently) and the locals can speak two or more languages...  Alison and I hope to change this in the future!  After a delicious dinner we wandered around the Old City again, taking our time to see things in a different light (literally).

cbimage. dubrovnik|2|IMG_1366_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1366_thumb_800.jpg|Sunset on Rector's Palace - History Museum

cbimage. dubrovnik|2|IMG_1382_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1382_thumb_800.jpg|Different view of City Hall

We called it a reasonably early night as we were off to the Island of Lukrom the following day.  One of the porters at the resort said we had to visit one of the Islands because they're so beautiful and quiet.  Dubrovnik was crazy busy, so the idea of somewhere quiet was music to our ears.