Date: 11 August 2010 00:00:00
Categories: euro-trip-2010
Country: es
Redirect: /2010/08/11/time-in-barcelona

h1. Time in Barcelona

We arrived into Barcelona quite late so we only had glimpses of the city but we liked what we saw almost immediately.  Another crazed taxi driver rocketed us to our hotel, which was in an absolutely fantastic position, right near Casa ce L'ardiaca Cathedral and a few minutes walk to the (in)famous La Rambla.  We had two full days in Barcelona and were keen to get back into the spirit of squeezing as much out of each day as we could.  Off to bed for some zzzzzz's..

cbimage. barcelona||DSC_0275_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0275_thumb_800.jpg|Casa ce L'ardiaca Cathedral

<!-- ~~fold~~ -->

cbimage. barcelona||IMG_1519_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1519_thumb_800.jpg|Hotel Colon - enough said

We slept in a little bit and missed breakfast :(  It wasn't included so it wasn't all bad but we were very hungry.  We checked the tourist map and headed for Mercat de Sant Josep, a local food market for some late breakfast.  Luckily we found some vegetarian food among the countless cured meat market stalls because it wasn't looking like we would find anything and we were starting to get snitchy at each other!  Spaniards seem to eat later in the day and usually disappear for siesta around 4 PM so we needed to adjust our eating habits accordingly.  It turned out to be quite a challenge, but we eventually got the hang of it.

cbimage. barcelona||DSC_0273_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0273_thumb_800.jpg|Entrance to Mercat de Sant Josep

A friend of Alison's; Emma, lived in Spain for a number of years and gave us a few hot tips on some places to check out, so we did :)  We checked out a cafe called Kasparo where Emma worked, but it was closed which was a bit of a bummer.  We also checked out a bar called L'ovella Negra (Black Sheep) which was pretty cool.  We had a beer (500ml unless you say otherwise!) and some popcorn and took a break from the humidity.  It was quite sticky and yuck, but we had to just deal with it and move on.  Most places give you a snack when you order drinks which we both thought was really nice.  It's either olives, tiny baked bread sticks, nuts or popcorn which all go down well with a cold beer (not to mention increasing your thirst as most of the snacks are salty!)

cbimage. barcelona||DSC_0282_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0282_thumb_800.jpg|Alison in front of Kasparo

cbimage. barcelona||DSC_0283_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0283_thumb_800.jpg|Alison hamming it up at L'ovella Negra

We wandered around for hours looking at all sorts of shops and restaurants before finally succumbing to the heat and humidity and returned to our hotel defeated for the day.

After a solid nights sleep, we caught the bus and headed towards "Guell Park":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Park_G%C3%BCell and also "Temple de la Sagrada Familia":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sagrada_Fam%C3%ADlia.  Both are works by "Antoni Gaudi":http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antoni_Gaud%C3%AD who is a very interesting individual (check out the Wikipedia link).  Both Guell Park and Sagrada Familia were very interesting, but Sagrada Familia was definitely the standout.  It's a monster of a structure, that's still being built!  Alison took some great shots here which made life easier for me!

h3. Guell Park

cbimage. barcelona||DSC_0308_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0308_thumb_800.jpg|Guell Park

cbimage. barcelona||DSC_0317_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0317_thumb_800.jpg|Guell Park

cbimage. barcelona||DSC_0286_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0286_thumb_800.jpg|Guell Park

cbimage. barcelona||DSC_0291_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0291_thumb_800.jpg|Guell Park

cbimage. barcelona||DSC_0293_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0293_thumb_800.jpg|Guell Park

cbimage. barcelona||DSC_0301_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0301_thumb_800.jpg|View of Barcelona from Guell Park

cbimage. barcelona||DSC_0312_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0312_thumb_800.jpg|Guell Park

h3. Sagrada Familia

cbimage. barcelona||DSC_0003_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0003_thumb_800.jpg|Sagrada Familia

cbimage. barcelona||DSC_0027_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0027_thumb_800.jpg|Sagrada Familia

cbimage. barcelona||DSC_0029_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0029_thumb_800.jpg|Sagrada Familia

cbimage. barcelona||IMG_1512_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1512_thumb_800.jpg|Sagrada Familia

cbimage. barcelona||DSC_0019_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0019_thumb_800.jpg|Sagrada Familia

cbimage. barcelona||IMG_1513_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1513_thumb_800.jpg|Sagrada Familia

cbimage. barcelona||IMG_1518_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1518_thumb_800.jpg|Sagrada Familia

cbimage. barcelona||IMG_1501_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1501_thumb_800.jpg|Sagrada Familia

cbimage. barcelona||DSC_0021_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0021_thumb_800.jpg|Sagrada Familia

cbimage. barcelona||IMG_1502_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1502_thumb_800.jpg|Roof in Sagrada Familia

cbimage. barcelona||IMG_1508_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1508_thumb_800.jpg|Column in Sagrada Familia

cbimage. barcelona||DSC_0042_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0042_thumb_800.jpg|Sagrada Familia

cbimage. barcelona||DSC_0045_thumb_500.jpg|DSC_0045_thumb_800.jpg|Snakes on the outside of Sagrada Familia

After a massive day we were keen for some quiet time and some dinner.  We found a place called 'Limbo', near the waterfront which was tucked away in a seedy looking (but not actually seedy) alley.  We enjoyed tapas and Sangria and chatted about all the amazing things we'd seen during the day.  We've seen so many amazing things that there's a bit of a risk of forgetting about things I think..  something to watch out for!

cbimage. barcelona||IMG_1522_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1522_thumb_800.jpg|Waterfront with Mirador de Colom in background

cbimage. barcelona||IMG_1523_thumb_500.jpg|IMG_1523_thumb_800.jpg|Limbo restaurant

We both really loved Barcelona, for it's people, architecture and 'feel'.  For me, it reminded me of Melbourne a bit which may have have been a contributing factor for my admiration.  It's such a massive sprawling city (biggest tourist map so far), one we barely scratched the surface of.  We would definitely love to re-visit again for some more tapas, Sangria and siestas ;)

Next stop, San Sebastian.